MC-13777: added initial recollect docs (#451)
cloudops/cloudmc-api-docs: source/includes/administration/_rollbacks.md

`POST /rollbacks`

Creates a rollback which will result in reprocessing of usage for the given request body. The Rollback API supports two types of rollback. `REPROCESS` and `RECOLLECT`

> The `REPROCESS` rollback type uses existing usage that was previously collected from a backend service and re-processes it in the monetization engine. The latest pricing configuration will be used when these records. 

Reviewer: "uses existing usage" sounds a bit off imo. There's also a typo in the 2nd sentence right?

```suggestion
The `REPROCESS` rollback re-processes existing usage, previously collected from the backend service, in the monetization engine. The latest pricing configuration will be used on these records. 
```

Author: Thanks... Sorry I missed that.

> The API body supports targeting a set of service connections and organizations as well as the date from which the rollback should begin. If usage is not found for for the requested date and organization and service connection pair the API will default to the earliest available usage for the pair. If there is no previous usage for the organization and connection, no rollback will be generated for this pair.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API body supports targeting a set of service connections and organizations as well as the date from which the rollback should begin the reprocess. If usage is not found for the requested date and organization and service connection pair the API will default to the earliest available usage for the pair. If there is no previous usage for the organization and connection, no rollback will be generated for this pair.
```

Reviewer 2: feel free to disregard the comment about the commas if it does not make sense lol.

<aside class="notice">
  <strong>Note:</strong> A rollback will be performed for every valid pair of organizations and service connections. Rollbacks will only be performed when the organization is assigned the connection and has some previous usage for this connection.
</aside>

> The `RECOLLECT` rollback type can be used by connection owners to retrigger the collection of usage from the underlying backend service. The `RECOLLECT` rollback is limitted by the retention period of underlying usage of the targeted service. If for example the targeted service only stores 60 days of usage the earliest reset date will be 60 days before today. A recollect rollback impacts **all** assigned organizations of the selected service connection. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `RECOLLECT` rollback type can be used by connection owners to retrigger the collection of usage from the underlying backend service. The `RECOLLECT` rollback is limitted by the retention period of underlying usage of the targeted service. If, for example, the targeted service only stores 60 days of usage the earliest reset date will be 60 days before today. A recollect rollback impacts **all** assigned organizations of the selected service connection. 
```

Reviewer 2: I think we need commas but not sure

Author: I think you are right
